Alice: Curiouser and curiouser.
Rabbit: I told you she was the right Alice!
Mouse: I am not convinced.
Rabbit: How is that for gratitude?
Flower: She doesn't even look anything like herself.
Mouse: That's because she's the wrong alice.
TweedleDee: If she was she might be.
Tweedledum: If she isn't she ain't.
Tweedledee: But if she was so she would be.
Tweedledum: But she isn't no how.
Alice: How can I bee the wrong Alice when this is my dream?
Alice: And who are you if I might ask?
Tweedledee: I'm tweedledee he's tweedledum.
Tweddledum: I'm sure I was tweedledum he's tweedledee.
Dodo: We should consult Absolum.
Flower: Exactly, Absolum will know who she is.
Tweedledee: I'll escort you.
Tweedledum: Hey its not being your turn!
Tweedledee: Its only fair!
Tweedledum: Hey leave off!
Tweedledee: Let go!
Alice: Are they always this way?